adv_conjunction	The athlete gently and carefully admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The athlete gently and carefully greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The athlete gently and carefully inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The athlete gently and carefully knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The athlete gently and carefully stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The athlete gently and deliberately admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The athlete gently and deliberately approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The athlete gently and deliberately avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The athlete gently and deliberately encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The athlete gently and knowingly confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The athlete gently and knowingly encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The athlete gently and knowingly engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The athlete gently and knowingly knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The athlete gently and knowingly remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The athlete gently and knowingly understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The athlete openly and carefully avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The athlete openly and carefully engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The athlete openly and deliberately approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The athlete openly and deliberately confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The athlete openly and deliberately encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The athlete openly and knowingly criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The athlete openly and knowingly encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The athlete openly and knowingly observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The athlete overtly and carefully avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The athlete overtly and carefully confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The athlete overtly and carefully criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The athlete overtly and carefully knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The athlete overtly and deliberately encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The athlete overtly and deliberately inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The athlete overtly and deliberately observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The athlete overtly and deliberately remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The athlete overtly and knowingly admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The athlete overtly and knowingly remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The aunt gently and carefully engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The aunt gently and carefully greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The aunt gently and carefully knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The aunt gently and deliberately approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The aunt gently and deliberately discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The aunt gently and deliberately encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The aunt gently and deliberately engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The aunt gently and deliberately inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The aunt gently and deliberately observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The aunt gently and deliberately remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The aunt gently and knowingly approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The aunt gently and knowingly observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The aunt gently and knowingly understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The aunt openly and deliberately avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The aunt openly and deliberately criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The aunt openly and deliberately discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The aunt openly and deliberately inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The aunt openly and deliberately knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The aunt openly and deliberately observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The aunt openly and deliberately remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The aunt openly and knowingly criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The aunt openly and knowingly greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The aunt openly and knowingly stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The aunt overtly and carefully criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The aunt overtly and carefully discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The aunt overtly and carefully engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The aunt overtly and carefully greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The aunt overtly and carefully understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The aunt overtly and deliberately admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The aunt overtly and deliberately confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The aunt overtly and deliberately criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The aunt overtly and deliberately remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The aunt overtly and knowingly criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The boy gently and carefully criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The boy gently and carefully discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The boy gently and carefully encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The boy gently and carefully engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The boy gently and carefully inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The boy gently and carefully observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The boy gently and carefully remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The boy gently and carefully understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The boy gently and deliberately criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The boy gently and deliberately understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The boy gently and knowingly confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The boy gently and knowingly criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The boy gently and knowingly engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The boy openly and carefully admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The boy openly and carefully confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The boy openly and carefully knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The boy openly and deliberately admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The boy openly and deliberately confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The boy openly and deliberately criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The boy openly and deliberately greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The boy openly and deliberately knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The boy openly and knowingly observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The boy overtly and carefully admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The boy overtly and carefully avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The boy overtly and carefully understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The boy overtly and deliberately encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The boy overtly and deliberately remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The boy overtly and knowingly knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The boy overtly and knowingly observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The carpenter gently and carefully admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The carpenter gently and carefully engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The carpenter gently and knowingly admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The carpenter gently and knowingly approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The carpenter openly and carefully engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The carpenter openly and carefully remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The carpenter openly and carefully stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The carpenter openly and carefully understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The carpenter openly and deliberately confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The carpenter openly and deliberately inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The carpenter openly and knowingly approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The carpenter openly and knowingly greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The carpenter overtly and carefully confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The carpenter overtly and carefully greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The carpenter overtly and deliberately confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The carpenter overtly and deliberately criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The carpenter overtly and deliberately discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The carpenter overtly and knowingly discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The carpenter overtly and knowingly greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The carpenter overtly and knowingly inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The carpenter overtly and knowingly understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The doctor gently and carefully admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The doctor gently and carefully avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The doctor gently and carefully knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The doctor gently and carefully remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The doctor gently and deliberately approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The doctor gently and deliberately avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The doctor gently and deliberately inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The doctor gently and deliberately observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The doctor gently and knowingly confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The doctor gently and knowingly discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The doctor gently and knowingly knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The doctor openly and carefully admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The doctor openly and carefully approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The doctor openly and carefully stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The doctor openly and deliberately criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The doctor openly and deliberately remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The doctor openly and deliberately stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The doctor openly and deliberately understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The doctor openly and knowingly encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The doctor openly and knowingly greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The doctor openly and knowingly understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The doctor overtly and carefully avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The doctor overtly and carefully greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The doctor overtly and carefully observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The doctor overtly and carefully stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The doctor overtly and carefully understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The doctor overtly and deliberately avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The doctor overtly and deliberately confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The doctor overtly and deliberately remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The doctor overtly and knowingly engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The doctor overtly and knowingly inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The doctor overtly and knowingly knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The doctor overtly and knowingly observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The doctor overtly and knowingly remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The farmer gently and carefully confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The farmer gently and carefully discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The farmer gently and carefully remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The farmer gently and deliberately confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The farmer gently and deliberately greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The farmer gently and deliberately inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The farmer gently and deliberately knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The farmer gently and knowingly admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The farmer gently and knowingly avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The farmer gently and knowingly greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The farmer gently and knowingly remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The farmer openly and carefully engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The farmer openly and deliberately admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The farmer openly and deliberately approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The farmer openly and deliberately understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The farmer openly and knowingly confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The farmer openly and knowingly discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The farmer openly and knowingly inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The farmer overtly and carefully greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The farmer overtly and carefully knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The farmer overtly and carefully stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The farmer overtly and deliberately greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The farmer overtly and deliberately inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The farmer overtly and deliberately knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The farmer overtly and deliberately stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The farmer overtly and knowingly approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The farmer overtly and knowingly discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The farmer overtly and knowingly stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The father gently and carefully confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The father gently and carefully observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The father gently and carefully stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The father gently and deliberately discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The father gently and deliberately greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The father gently and deliberately stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The father gently and knowingly engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The father gently and knowingly remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The father gently and knowingly stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The father gently and knowingly understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The father openly and carefully approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The father openly and carefully understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The father openly and deliberately admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The father openly and deliberately approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The father openly and deliberately confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The father openly and deliberately engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The father openly and deliberately greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The father openly and deliberately knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The father openly and deliberately remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The father openly and deliberately stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The father openly and knowingly admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The father openly and knowingly greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The father openly and knowingly observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The father openly and knowingly stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The father overtly and carefully avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The father overtly and carefully criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The father overtly and carefully encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The father overtly and carefully engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The father overtly and carefully inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The father overtly and deliberately greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The father overtly and knowingly approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The father overtly and knowingly encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The father overtly and knowingly observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The friend gently and carefully approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The friend gently and carefully criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The friend gently and carefully knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The friend gently and deliberately engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The friend gently and deliberately remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The friend gently and deliberately understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The friend gently and knowingly admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The friend gently and knowingly discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The friend gently and knowingly stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The friend openly and carefully remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The friend openly and deliberately admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The friend openly and deliberately approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The friend openly and deliberately confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The friend openly and deliberately remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The friend openly and knowingly admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The friend overtly and carefully avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The friend overtly and carefully criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The friend overtly and carefully greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The friend overtly and deliberately criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The friend overtly and deliberately discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The friend overtly and deliberately engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The friend overtly and deliberately observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The friend overtly and deliberately stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The friend overtly and knowingly engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The friend overtly and knowingly understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The girl gently and carefully approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The girl gently and carefully engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The girl gently and deliberately admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The girl gently and deliberately confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The girl gently and deliberately criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The girl gently and deliberately engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The girl gently and deliberately observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The girl gently and deliberately remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The girl gently and deliberately understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The girl gently and knowingly approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The girl gently and knowingly discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The girl gently and knowingly engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The girl gently and knowingly greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The girl openly and carefully avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The girl openly and carefully greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The girl openly and carefully inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The girl openly and deliberately confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The girl openly and deliberately encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The girl openly and deliberately engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The girl openly and deliberately knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The girl openly and knowingly encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The girl openly and knowingly stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The girl overtly and carefully admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The girl overtly and carefully approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The girl overtly and carefully discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The girl overtly and carefully engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The girl overtly and carefully knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The girl overtly and carefully understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The girl overtly and deliberately admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The girl overtly and deliberately approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The girl overtly and knowingly inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The girl overtly and knowingly remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The guy gently and carefully approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The guy gently and carefully avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The guy gently and carefully discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The guy gently and carefully encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The guy gently and carefully greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The guy gently and carefully knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The guy gently and carefully observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The guy gently and carefully remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The guy gently and deliberately avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The guy gently and deliberately confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The guy gently and knowingly approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The guy gently and knowingly discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The guy gently and knowingly inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The guy openly and carefully confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The guy openly and carefully engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The guy openly and carefully understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The guy openly and deliberately admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The guy openly and deliberately greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The guy openly and deliberately knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The guy openly and knowingly approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The guy openly and knowingly inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The guy openly and knowingly knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The guy openly and knowingly stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The guy overtly and carefully admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The guy overtly and carefully discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The guy overtly and carefully greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The guy overtly and carefully knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The guy overtly and carefully observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The guy overtly and carefully remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The guy overtly and deliberately criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The guy overtly and deliberately engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The guy overtly and deliberately understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The guy overtly and knowingly admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The guy overtly and knowingly confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The guy overtly and knowingly criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The guy overtly and knowingly discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The guy overtly and knowingly observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The guy overtly and knowingly understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The kid gently and carefully confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The kid gently and carefully encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The kid gently and carefully observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The kid gently and carefully understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The kid gently and deliberately discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The kid gently and deliberately encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The kid gently and deliberately greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The kid gently and deliberately knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The kid openly and carefully admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The kid openly and carefully approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The kid openly and carefully greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The kid openly and carefully understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The kid openly and deliberately encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The kid openly and deliberately engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The kid openly and knowingly approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The kid openly and knowingly confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The kid openly and knowingly encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The kid openly and knowingly understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The kid overtly and carefully inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The kid overtly and deliberately admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The kid overtly and deliberately inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The kid overtly and knowingly greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The kid overtly and knowingly knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The kid overtly and knowingly remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The lawyer gently and carefully approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The lawyer gently and deliberately avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The lawyer gently and deliberately criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The lawyer gently and deliberately discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The lawyer gently and deliberately encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The lawyer gently and knowingly greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The lawyer gently and knowingly stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The lawyer openly and carefully approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The lawyer openly and deliberately criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The lawyer openly and deliberately inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The lawyer openly and deliberately observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The lawyer openly and knowingly criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The lawyer openly and knowingly discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The lawyer openly and knowingly encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The lawyer openly and knowingly inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The lawyer overtly and carefully admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The lawyer overtly and carefully engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The lawyer overtly and carefully understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The lawyer overtly and deliberately confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The lawyer overtly and deliberately greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The lawyer overtly and deliberately stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The lawyer overtly and knowingly avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The lawyer overtly and knowingly criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The lawyer overtly and knowingly discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The lawyer overtly and knowingly encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The lawyer overtly and knowingly inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The man gently and carefully avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The man gently and carefully criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The man gently and knowingly admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The man gently and knowingly avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The man gently and knowingly criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The man gently and knowingly stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The man gently and knowingly understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The man openly and carefully avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The man openly and carefully knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The man openly and deliberately admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The man openly and deliberately avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The man openly and deliberately discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The man openly and deliberately inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The man openly and deliberately knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The man openly and knowingly admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The man openly and knowingly confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The man openly and knowingly encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The man openly and knowingly knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The man openly and knowingly observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The man openly and knowingly understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The man overtly and carefully engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The man overtly and carefully observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The man overtly and deliberately avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The man overtly and deliberately encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The man overtly and deliberately knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The man overtly and knowingly avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The man overtly and knowingly remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The mother gently and carefully approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The mother gently and carefully avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The mother gently and deliberately approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The mother gently and deliberately avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The mother gently and deliberately discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The mother gently and deliberately remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The mother gently and knowingly admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The mother gently and knowingly criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The mother gently and knowingly discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The mother gently and knowingly greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The mother gently and knowingly remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The mother openly and carefully engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The mother openly and carefully remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The mother openly and deliberately confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The mother openly and deliberately criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The mother openly and knowingly approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The mother openly and knowingly encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The mother openly and knowingly knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The mother openly and knowingly observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The mother openly and knowingly stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The mother openly and knowingly understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The mother overtly and carefully approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The mother overtly and carefully criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The mother overtly and carefully discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The mother overtly and carefully stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The mother overtly and carefully understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The mother overtly and deliberately discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The mother overtly and deliberately encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The mother overtly and deliberately knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The mother overtly and deliberately observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The mother overtly and deliberately remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The mother overtly and deliberately understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The mother overtly and knowingly knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The mother overtly and knowingly observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The poet gently and carefully avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The poet gently and carefully knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The poet gently and deliberately admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The poet gently and deliberately approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The poet gently and deliberately avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The poet gently and deliberately engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The poet gently and deliberately inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The poet gently and deliberately knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The poet gently and deliberately observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The poet gently and knowingly criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The poet gently and knowingly discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The poet openly and carefully admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The poet openly and carefully approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The poet openly and carefully discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The poet openly and carefully greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The poet openly and carefully inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The poet openly and deliberately criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The poet openly and deliberately encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The poet openly and deliberately engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The poet openly and knowingly avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The poet openly and knowingly knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The poet overtly and carefully approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The poet overtly and carefully avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The poet overtly and carefully discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The poet overtly and carefully greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The poet overtly and carefully remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The poet overtly and deliberately criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The poet overtly and deliberately greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The poet overtly and deliberately stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The poet overtly and knowingly approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The poet overtly and knowingly encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The poet overtly and knowingly knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The singer gently and carefully approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The singer gently and carefully encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The singer gently and carefully greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The singer gently and carefully knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The singer gently and carefully observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The singer gently and deliberately avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The singer gently and deliberately greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The singer gently and knowingly confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The singer gently and knowingly greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The singer openly and carefully admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The singer openly and carefully confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The singer openly and carefully observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The singer openly and carefully stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The singer openly and deliberately discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The singer openly and deliberately engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The singer openly and deliberately greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The singer openly and deliberately inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The singer openly and deliberately understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The singer openly and knowingly avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The singer openly and knowingly remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The singer overtly and carefully approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The singer overtly and carefully confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The singer overtly and carefully discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The singer overtly and carefully encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The singer overtly and deliberately avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The singer overtly and knowingly inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The singer overtly and knowingly knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The singer overtly and knowingly understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The teacher gently and carefully admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The teacher gently and carefully greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The teacher gently and carefully inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The teacher gently and deliberately avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The teacher gently and deliberately discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The teacher gently and deliberately engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The teacher gently and deliberately knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The teacher gently and deliberately remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The teacher gently and knowingly confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The teacher gently and knowingly remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The teacher openly and carefully approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The teacher openly and carefully engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The teacher openly and carefully greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The teacher openly and carefully understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The teacher openly and deliberately admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The teacher openly and deliberately avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The teacher openly and deliberately greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The teacher openly and deliberately inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The teacher openly and knowingly approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The teacher openly and knowingly criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The teacher overtly and carefully avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The teacher overtly and carefully criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The teacher overtly and carefully inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The teacher overtly and carefully observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The teacher overtly and deliberately admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The teacher overtly and deliberately encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The teacher overtly and deliberately greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The teacher overtly and deliberately observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The teacher overtly and deliberately understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The teacher overtly and knowingly criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The teacher overtly and knowingly discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The teacher overtly and knowingly encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The teacher overtly and knowingly knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The teacher overtly and knowingly observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The uncle gently and carefully approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The uncle gently and carefully greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The uncle gently and carefully inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The uncle gently and carefully stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The uncle gently and deliberately approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The uncle gently and deliberately avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The uncle gently and deliberately inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The uncle gently and knowingly approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The uncle gently and knowingly confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The uncle gently and knowingly encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The uncle gently and knowingly engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The uncle openly and carefully inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The uncle openly and deliberately confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The uncle openly and knowingly engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The uncle openly and knowingly stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The uncle openly and knowingly understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The uncle overtly and carefully criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The uncle overtly and carefully inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The uncle overtly and deliberately greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The uncle overtly and knowingly admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The uncle overtly and knowingly avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The victim gently and carefully criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The victim gently and carefully remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The victim gently and carefully stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The victim gently and deliberately approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The victim gently and deliberately avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The victim gently and deliberately criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The victim gently and deliberately encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The victim gently and knowingly criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The victim gently and knowingly stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The victim openly and carefully confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The victim openly and carefully engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The victim openly and carefully inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The victim openly and carefully understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The victim openly and deliberately admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The victim openly and deliberately criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The victim openly and knowingly confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The victim openly and knowingly remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The victim overtly and carefully approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The victim overtly and carefully confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The victim overtly and carefully engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The victim overtly and carefully inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The victim overtly and carefully observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The victim overtly and carefully remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The victim overtly and carefully stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The victim overtly and deliberately approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The victim overtly and deliberately avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The victim overtly and deliberately observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The victim overtly and deliberately stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The victim overtly and knowingly encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The victim overtly and knowingly inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The victim overtly and knowingly knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The woman gently and carefully admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The woman gently and carefully approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The woman gently and carefully criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The woman gently and carefully understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The woman gently and deliberately confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The woman gently and deliberately engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The woman gently and deliberately remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The woman gently and knowingly admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The woman gently and knowingly confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The woman gently and knowingly criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The woman openly and carefully approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The woman openly and carefully criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The woman openly and carefully encourages	singular	encourage
adv_conjunction	The woman openly and carefully greets	singular	greet
adv_conjunction	The woman openly and carefully knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The woman openly and carefully stimulates	singular	stimulate
adv_conjunction	The woman openly and deliberately admires	singular	admire
adv_conjunction	The woman openly and deliberately confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The woman openly and deliberately criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The woman openly and deliberately remembers	singular	remember
adv_conjunction	The woman openly and knowingly confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The woman openly and knowingly criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The woman openly and knowingly engages	singular	engage
adv_conjunction	The woman openly and knowingly knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The woman openly and knowingly observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The woman openly and knowingly understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The woman overtly and carefully approves	singular	approve
adv_conjunction	The woman overtly and carefully criticizes	singular	criticize
adv_conjunction	The woman overtly and carefully understands	singular	understand
adv_conjunction	The woman overtly and deliberately confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The woman overtly and deliberately discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The woman overtly and knowingly avoids	singular	avoid
adv_conjunction	The woman overtly and knowingly confuses	singular	confuse
adv_conjunction	The woman overtly and knowingly discourages	singular	discourage
adv_conjunction	The woman overtly and knowingly inspires	singular	inspire
adv_conjunction	The woman overtly and knowingly knows	singular	know
adv_conjunction	The woman overtly and knowingly observes	singular	observe
adv_conjunction	The athletes gently and carefully avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The athletes gently and carefully inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The athletes gently and carefully remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The athletes gently and deliberately approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The athletes gently and deliberately discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The athletes gently and deliberately engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The athletes gently and deliberately greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The athletes gently and deliberately inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The athletes gently and deliberately observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The athletes gently and knowingly admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The athletes gently and knowingly stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The athletes openly and carefully approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The athletes openly and carefully avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The athletes openly and carefully criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The athletes openly and carefully inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The athletes openly and deliberately discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The athletes openly and deliberately engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The athletes openly and knowingly approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The athletes openly and knowingly observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The athletes overtly and carefully criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The athletes overtly and carefully greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The athletes overtly and deliberately admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The athletes overtly and deliberately avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The athletes overtly and deliberately encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The athletes overtly and deliberately stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The athletes overtly and knowingly criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The athletes overtly and knowingly engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The athletes overtly and knowingly inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The aunts gently and carefully confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The aunts gently and carefully greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The aunts gently and carefully observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The aunts gently and deliberately confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The aunts gently and deliberately discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The aunts gently and deliberately engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The aunts gently and deliberately greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The aunts gently and deliberately observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The aunts gently and deliberately stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The aunts gently and knowingly admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The aunts gently and knowingly approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The aunts gently and knowingly greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The aunts openly and carefully confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The aunts openly and carefully criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The aunts openly and carefully encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The aunts openly and carefully engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The aunts openly and carefully greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The aunts openly and carefully inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The aunts openly and deliberately admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The aunts openly and deliberately greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The aunts openly and deliberately know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The aunts openly and knowingly approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The aunts openly and knowingly avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The aunts openly and knowingly confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The aunts openly and knowingly greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The aunts openly and knowingly remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The aunts overtly and carefully greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The aunts overtly and carefully know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The aunts overtly and deliberately avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The aunts overtly and deliberately confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The aunts overtly and deliberately encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The aunts overtly and deliberately observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The aunts overtly and deliberately remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The aunts overtly and deliberately understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The aunts overtly and knowingly approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The aunts overtly and knowingly confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The aunts overtly and knowingly discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The aunts overtly and knowingly engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The aunts overtly and knowingly greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The aunts overtly and knowingly inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The boys gently and carefully admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The boys gently and carefully avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The boys gently and carefully criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The boys gently and deliberately discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The boys gently and deliberately greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The boys gently and knowingly approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The boys gently and knowingly confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The boys gently and knowingly stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The boys openly and carefully confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The boys openly and carefully encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The boys openly and carefully engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The boys openly and deliberately stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The boys openly and deliberately understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The boys openly and knowingly avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The boys openly and knowingly inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The boys openly and knowingly stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The boys overtly and carefully encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The boys overtly and carefully engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The boys overtly and carefully greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The boys overtly and deliberately admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The boys overtly and deliberately avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The boys overtly and deliberately confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The boys overtly and deliberately criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The boys overtly and deliberately encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The boys overtly and deliberately engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The boys overtly and deliberately inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The boys overtly and deliberately observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The boys overtly and deliberately remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The boys overtly and knowingly encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The boys overtly and knowingly greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The boys overtly and knowingly observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The boys overtly and knowingly stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The carpenters gently and carefully avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The carpenters gently and carefully confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The carpenters gently and carefully engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The carpenters gently and carefully know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The carpenters gently and deliberately avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The carpenters gently and deliberately confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The carpenters gently and deliberately criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The carpenters gently and deliberately remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The carpenters gently and knowingly remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The carpenters gently and knowingly understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The carpenters openly and carefully approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The carpenters openly and carefully greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The carpenters openly and carefully remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The carpenters openly and deliberately confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The carpenters openly and deliberately greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The carpenters openly and deliberately inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The carpenters openly and deliberately remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The carpenters openly and knowingly approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The carpenters openly and knowingly greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The carpenters overtly and carefully confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The carpenters overtly and carefully discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The carpenters overtly and carefully know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The carpenters overtly and carefully remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The carpenters overtly and deliberately approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The carpenters overtly and deliberately stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The carpenters overtly and knowingly confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The carpenters overtly and knowingly greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The carpenters overtly and knowingly inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The doctors gently and carefully confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The doctors gently and carefully engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The doctors gently and carefully greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The doctors gently and carefully observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The doctors gently and deliberately engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The doctors gently and deliberately greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The doctors gently and deliberately know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The doctors gently and deliberately observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The doctors gently and knowingly observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The doctors gently and knowingly understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The doctors openly and carefully approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The doctors openly and deliberately avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The doctors openly and deliberately inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The doctors openly and deliberately observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The doctors openly and deliberately remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The doctors openly and deliberately understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The doctors openly and knowingly encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The doctors openly and knowingly greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The doctors openly and knowingly know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The doctors overtly and carefully observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The doctors overtly and deliberately approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The doctors overtly and deliberately stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The doctors overtly and knowingly encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The doctors overtly and knowingly engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The farmers gently and carefully criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The farmers gently and carefully remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The farmers gently and deliberately admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The farmers gently and deliberately approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The farmers gently and deliberately avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The farmers gently and deliberately encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The farmers gently and deliberately remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The farmers gently and deliberately stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The farmers gently and knowingly greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The farmers openly and carefully avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The farmers openly and carefully remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The farmers openly and deliberately approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The farmers openly and deliberately criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The farmers openly and deliberately discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The farmers openly and knowingly avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The farmers openly and knowingly confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The farmers openly and knowingly criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The farmers openly and knowingly engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The farmers openly and knowingly greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The farmers openly and knowingly inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The farmers openly and knowingly understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The farmers overtly and carefully engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The farmers overtly and carefully know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The farmers overtly and deliberately discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The farmers overtly and deliberately inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The farmers overtly and deliberately observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The farmers overtly and knowingly discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The farmers overtly and knowingly encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The farmers overtly and knowingly know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The farmers overtly and knowingly observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The farmers overtly and knowingly understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The fathers gently and carefully avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The fathers gently and carefully discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The fathers gently and carefully engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The fathers gently and carefully greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The fathers gently and carefully inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The fathers gently and deliberately criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The fathers gently and deliberately stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The fathers gently and knowingly encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The fathers gently and knowingly engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The fathers gently and knowingly greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The fathers gently and knowingly observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The fathers gently and knowingly remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The fathers openly and carefully discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The fathers openly and carefully engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The fathers openly and carefully know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The fathers openly and carefully remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The fathers openly and deliberately criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The fathers openly and deliberately greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The fathers openly and deliberately know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The fathers openly and deliberately understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The fathers openly and knowingly discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The fathers openly and knowingly encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The fathers openly and knowingly engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The fathers openly and knowingly greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The fathers openly and knowingly inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The fathers overtly and carefully discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The fathers overtly and carefully know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The fathers overtly and carefully observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The fathers overtly and deliberately approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The fathers overtly and knowingly criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The fathers overtly and knowingly remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The fathers overtly and knowingly understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The friends gently and carefully approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The friends gently and carefully confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The friends gently and carefully engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The friends gently and carefully observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The friends gently and carefully remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The friends gently and deliberately confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The friends gently and deliberately criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The friends gently and deliberately stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The friends gently and knowingly admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The friends gently and knowingly inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The friends gently and knowingly know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The friends openly and carefully criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The friends openly and carefully stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The friends openly and carefully understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The friends openly and deliberately avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The friends openly and deliberately understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The friends openly and knowingly approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The friends openly and knowingly confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The friends openly and knowingly engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The friends overtly and carefully admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The friends overtly and carefully confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The friends overtly and carefully greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The friends overtly and deliberately admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The friends overtly and knowingly criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The friends overtly and knowingly inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The friends overtly and knowingly know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The friends overtly and knowingly observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The girls gently and carefully avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The girls gently and carefully greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The girls gently and carefully understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The girls gently and deliberately avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The girls gently and deliberately criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The girls gently and deliberately engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The girls gently and deliberately stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The girls gently and knowingly admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The girls gently and knowingly discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The girls gently and knowingly engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The girls gently and knowingly inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The girls gently and knowingly observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The girls gently and knowingly remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The girls openly and carefully criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The girls openly and carefully engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The girls openly and deliberately approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The girls openly and deliberately observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The girls openly and knowingly admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The girls openly and knowingly stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The girls overtly and carefully discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The girls overtly and carefully know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The girls overtly and carefully remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The girls overtly and deliberately approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The girls overtly and deliberately discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The girls overtly and deliberately observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The girls overtly and knowingly confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The girls overtly and knowingly criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The girls overtly and knowingly encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The girls overtly and knowingly greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The girls overtly and knowingly inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The girls overtly and knowingly remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The guys gently and carefully criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The guys gently and deliberately confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The guys gently and deliberately engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The guys gently and deliberately inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The guys gently and knowingly admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The guys gently and knowingly avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The guys gently and knowingly engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The guys gently and knowingly remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The guys gently and knowingly understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The guys openly and carefully admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The guys openly and carefully engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The guys openly and carefully remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The guys openly and carefully understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The guys openly and deliberately admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The guys openly and deliberately criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The guys openly and deliberately discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The guys openly and deliberately encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The guys openly and deliberately inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The guys openly and deliberately stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The guys openly and deliberately understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The guys openly and knowingly admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The guys openly and knowingly criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The guys openly and knowingly engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The guys openly and knowingly know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The guys overtly and carefully admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The guys overtly and carefully criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The guys overtly and carefully know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The guys overtly and carefully understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The guys overtly and deliberately approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The guys overtly and deliberately confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The guys overtly and deliberately discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The guys overtly and deliberately encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The guys overtly and deliberately inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The guys overtly and knowingly discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The kids gently and carefully inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The kids gently and deliberately approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The kids gently and deliberately discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The kids gently and deliberately engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The kids gently and knowingly approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The kids gently and knowingly criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The kids gently and knowingly encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The kids gently and knowingly greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The kids gently and knowingly know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The kids gently and knowingly remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The kids gently and knowingly understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The kids openly and carefully admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The kids openly and carefully confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The kids openly and carefully encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The kids openly and carefully greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The kids openly and carefully know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The kids openly and deliberately confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The kids openly and deliberately discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The kids openly and deliberately encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The kids openly and deliberately know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The kids openly and deliberately remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The kids openly and knowingly admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The kids overtly and carefully approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The kids overtly and carefully criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The kids overtly and carefully observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The kids overtly and deliberately approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The kids overtly and deliberately know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The kids overtly and deliberately remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The kids overtly and knowingly greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The kids overtly and knowingly inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The lawyers gently and carefully admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The lawyers gently and carefully know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The lawyers gently and carefully observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The lawyers gently and carefully stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The lawyers gently and deliberately criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The lawyers gently and deliberately engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The lawyers gently and knowingly confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The lawyers gently and knowingly discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The lawyers gently and knowingly engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The lawyers gently and knowingly know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The lawyers gently and knowingly remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The lawyers openly and carefully understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The lawyers openly and deliberately admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The lawyers openly and deliberately criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The lawyers openly and deliberately know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The lawyers openly and deliberately observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The lawyers openly and knowingly discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The lawyers overtly and carefully stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The lawyers overtly and deliberately avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The lawyers overtly and deliberately confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The lawyers overtly and deliberately remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The lawyers overtly and knowingly approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The lawyers overtly and knowingly avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The lawyers overtly and knowingly engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The men gently and carefully discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The men gently and carefully greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The men gently and carefully understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The men gently and deliberately admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The men gently and deliberately criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The men gently and deliberately engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The men gently and deliberately inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The men gently and knowingly admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The men gently and knowingly confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The men gently and knowingly engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The men gently and knowingly inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The men gently and knowingly know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The men openly and carefully admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The men openly and carefully approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The men openly and carefully observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The men openly and carefully stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The men openly and deliberately confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The men openly and deliberately encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The men openly and deliberately inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The men openly and deliberately stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The men openly and knowingly inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The men openly and knowingly observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The men overtly and carefully avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The men overtly and carefully inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The men overtly and carefully know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The men overtly and carefully observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The men overtly and deliberately approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The men overtly and deliberately avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The men overtly and deliberately observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The men overtly and deliberately remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The men overtly and deliberately stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The men overtly and knowingly know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The men overtly and knowingly stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The mothers gently and carefully admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The mothers gently and carefully engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The mothers gently and carefully greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The mothers gently and carefully inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The mothers gently and carefully remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The mothers gently and carefully stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The mothers gently and deliberately admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The mothers gently and deliberately engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The mothers gently and knowingly discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The mothers gently and knowingly engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The mothers gently and knowingly observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The mothers gently and knowingly stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The mothers gently and knowingly understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The mothers openly and carefully engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The mothers openly and carefully inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The mothers openly and deliberately admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The mothers openly and deliberately approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The mothers openly and deliberately know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The mothers openly and deliberately observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The mothers openly and deliberately remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The mothers openly and deliberately understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The mothers openly and knowingly approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The mothers openly and knowingly criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The mothers openly and knowingly discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The mothers openly and knowingly greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The mothers openly and knowingly stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The mothers openly and knowingly understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The mothers overtly and carefully avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The mothers overtly and carefully criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The mothers overtly and carefully observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The mothers overtly and carefully understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The mothers overtly and deliberately criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The mothers overtly and deliberately engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The mothers overtly and deliberately remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The mothers overtly and deliberately stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The mothers overtly and knowingly approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The mothers overtly and knowingly greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The mothers overtly and knowingly know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The poets gently and carefully admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The poets gently and carefully engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The poets gently and carefully know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The poets gently and carefully remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The poets gently and carefully stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The poets gently and deliberately approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The poets gently and deliberately avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The poets gently and deliberately encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The poets gently and deliberately remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The poets gently and knowingly admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The poets gently and knowingly approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The poets gently and knowingly encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The poets gently and knowingly engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The poets gently and knowingly stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The poets openly and carefully engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The poets openly and carefully remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The poets openly and deliberately admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The poets openly and deliberately avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The poets openly and deliberately criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The poets openly and deliberately discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The poets openly and deliberately engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The poets openly and knowingly avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The poets openly and knowingly criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The poets openly and knowingly greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The poets openly and knowingly know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The poets openly and knowingly remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The poets overtly and carefully avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The poets overtly and carefully confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The poets overtly and carefully criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The poets overtly and carefully engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The poets overtly and carefully inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The poets overtly and carefully know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The poets overtly and carefully remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The poets overtly and deliberately encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The poets overtly and deliberately engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The poets overtly and deliberately inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The poets overtly and deliberately remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The poets overtly and knowingly approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The poets overtly and knowingly stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The singers gently and carefully avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The singers gently and carefully criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The singers gently and carefully inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The singers gently and deliberately observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The singers openly and carefully know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The singers openly and carefully observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The singers openly and carefully stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The singers openly and deliberately avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The singers openly and deliberately remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The singers openly and deliberately stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The singers openly and knowingly encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The singers overtly and deliberately avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The singers overtly and deliberately confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The singers overtly and deliberately know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The singers overtly and knowingly criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The singers overtly and knowingly engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The singers overtly and knowingly inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The singers overtly and knowingly remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The teachers gently and carefully encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The teachers gently and carefully stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The teachers gently and deliberately approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The teachers gently and deliberately confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The teachers gently and deliberately criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The teachers gently and deliberately discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The teachers gently and deliberately encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The teachers gently and deliberately engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The teachers gently and deliberately inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The teachers gently and knowingly criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The teachers gently and knowingly encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The teachers gently and knowingly observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The teachers gently and knowingly stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The teachers gently and knowingly understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The teachers openly and carefully admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The teachers openly and carefully criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The teachers openly and carefully engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The teachers openly and carefully stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The teachers openly and deliberately confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The teachers openly and deliberately know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The teachers openly and deliberately remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The teachers openly and knowingly confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The teachers openly and knowingly criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The teachers openly and knowingly remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The teachers overtly and carefully approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The teachers overtly and carefully engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The teachers overtly and deliberately approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The teachers overtly and deliberately greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The teachers overtly and deliberately know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The teachers overtly and deliberately stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The teachers overtly and knowingly encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The teachers overtly and knowingly observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The teachers overtly and knowingly remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The uncles gently and carefully confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The uncles gently and carefully encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The uncles gently and carefully remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The uncles gently and deliberately approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The uncles gently and deliberately inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The uncles gently and deliberately remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The uncles gently and deliberately understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The uncles gently and knowingly criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The uncles openly and carefully discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The uncles openly and carefully observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The uncles openly and deliberately avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The uncles openly and deliberately encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The uncles openly and deliberately greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The uncles openly and deliberately know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The uncles openly and deliberately stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The uncles openly and deliberately understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The uncles openly and knowingly greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The uncles openly and knowingly observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The uncles overtly and carefully criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The uncles overtly and deliberately discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The uncles overtly and deliberately inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The uncles overtly and knowingly approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The uncles overtly and knowingly confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The victims gently and carefully approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The victims gently and carefully discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The victims gently and carefully engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The victims gently and deliberately remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The victims gently and knowingly confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The victims openly and carefully approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The victims openly and carefully confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The victims openly and carefully criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The victims openly and carefully encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The victims openly and carefully know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The victims openly and carefully remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The victims openly and carefully stimulate	plural	stimulates
adv_conjunction	The victims openly and carefully understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The victims openly and deliberately approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The victims openly and deliberately greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The victims openly and deliberately inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The victims openly and deliberately remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The victims openly and knowingly admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The victims openly and knowingly avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The victims openly and knowingly criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The victims openly and knowingly encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The victims openly and knowingly know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The victims openly and knowingly remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The victims overtly and carefully inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The victims overtly and deliberately approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The victims overtly and deliberately greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The victims overtly and deliberately know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The victims overtly and deliberately remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The victims overtly and knowingly encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The victims overtly and knowingly observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The women gently and carefully encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The women gently and deliberately greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The women gently and knowingly engage	plural	engages
adv_conjunction	The women gently and knowingly observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The women gently and knowingly understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The women openly and deliberately discourage	plural	discourages
adv_conjunction	The women openly and deliberately greet	plural	greets
adv_conjunction	The women openly and deliberately remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The women openly and deliberately understand	plural	understands
adv_conjunction	The women openly and knowingly know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The women openly and knowingly observe	plural	observes
adv_conjunction	The women overtly and carefully avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The women overtly and carefully criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The women overtly and carefully encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The women overtly and carefully inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The women overtly and carefully know	plural	knows
adv_conjunction	The women overtly and deliberately admire	plural	admires
adv_conjunction	The women overtly and deliberately avoid	plural	avoids
adv_conjunction	The women overtly and deliberately confuse	plural	confuses
adv_conjunction	The women overtly and deliberately inspire	plural	inspires
adv_conjunction	The women overtly and deliberately remember	plural	remembers
adv_conjunction	The women overtly and knowingly approve	plural	approves
adv_conjunction	The women overtly and knowingly criticize	plural	criticizes
adv_conjunction	The women overtly and knowingly encourage	plural	encourages
adv_conjunction	The women overtly and knowingly engage	plural	engages
